= github_beacon

== DESCRIPTION

This is a Github beacon for integration with Lighthouse.

Github's built-in Lighthouse integration has a flaw that
comes up when you have more than one person making commits: the
changesets that appear in Lighthouse, and any ticket updates made by
commit messages, are all credited to a single person.

github_beacon allows you to specify a different Lighthouse API token
for each Lighthouse user. So changesets and ticket updates are in
Lighthouse are credited to whoever actually made the commits. It also
supports a default token to be used in case changes are committed by
someone who is not a member of your Lighthouse project.

== INSTALL:

github_beacon is a Sinatra application <http://sinatrarb.com/>. Set it
running like any other Sinatra application at a location that is
publicly accessible.

== USAGE:

Lighthouse credentials are defined in a file called credentials.yaml,
that should be placed in the directory from which github_beacon is
run. A credentials.yaml.example file is provided as a template for the
expected format. Here is an excerpt:

  http://github.com/username/project:
    account: http://my_subdomain.lighthouseapp.com
    project: Lighthouse project number
    default_token: Lighthouse API token to use if user token is not found (optional)
    users:
      alice@crypt.ru: Alice's Lighthouse API token
      bob@gmail.com: Bob's Lighthouse API token
    secret: params[:secret] must match this value for request to succeed (optional)

You can set up integration between any number of Github and Lighthouse
projects by including multiple stanzas using the same format as the
one above.

The default_token value is used if a commit was made by a user who's
token could not be found in the credentials.yaml file. This is useful
if you have people making commits who are not members of your
Lighthouse project. It is optional, so you can leave it out if you
don't want to allow that.

The secret value is provided for security. If a secret is provided,
github_beacon will refuse any request that does not include the same
secret as a parameter. The secret value is set separately for each
Github project for additional security.

When the application is deployed and the credentials are set up, set
the appropriate Post-Receive URL in the Admin section of your Github
project. Make sure to include the secret as a query string if needed.

An example Post-Receive URL would be:
http://github-beacon.sitr.us/?secret=sewreafparibafmuowryntik7

== REFERENCES:

Portions of github_beacon are adapted from the instructions at:
http://lighthouseapp.com/help/setting-up-subversion-integration

The Lighthouse changeset API is specified at:
http://lighthouseapp.com/api/changesets

Information about github's post-receive-hooks and how to use them can
be found at:
http://github.com/guides/post-receive-hooks

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Jesse Hallett <hallettj@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
